Add specifics around letting them fail exercise (#49)
UBC-MDS/teaching_responsibility: manuscript/teaching-reproducibility.Rmd

and if they cannot run it, we ask them to fix the code 
or install missing software so they can.
Then we provide them the same analysis that has been made reproducible, 
through the use of shareable compute environments (i.e., `renv`, `conda`, or `Docker`),
and instructions on how to use the shared compute environment.
The students then experience running the same analysis on their machines 
without any change of code or software installation.
Under these controlled circumstances
failure and frustration can have a positive impact on students overall learning
as they experience the many benefits of reproducibility first hand.

> This exercise usually only takes around 20 min

Author: Just double checking that 20 min is indeed the correct number here, it seems that it could take longer to go through failing and succeeding for a workflow.

Reviewer: Haha, maybe! I am not as good as Mike in timing these things... We could say 20-30 min?

and helps provide motivation
to endure the steep learning curves of reproducibility concepts and tools.

> We teach this in our workflows course
> in the first third of the Master of Data Science program,
> and it is not part of the graded course work,
> but student activity is tracked via polls
> to see how the class is progressing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We teach this in our data science workflows course,
which occurs in the first third of the Master of Data Science program.
When we have implemented this activity
we have ran it as an in-class activity that is not counted toward the course grades.
We do however use polls to assess where the students are at 
in regards to completing the activity,
so that we can allot an appropriate amount of time for each group of learners.
```
